DOCS-#4151: Add info in troubleshooting page related to Dask engine usage (#4152)
modin-project/modin: docs/getting_started/troubleshooting.rst

Do not use OmniSci engine along with ``pyarrow.gandiva``.

> Error when using Dask engine in a separate .py module
> """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Error when using Dask engine: ``RuntimeError: if __name__ == '__main__':``
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

Author: fixed

> The following `script.py` uses Modin on Dask engine and produces errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `script.py` uses Modin with Dask as an execution engine and produces errors:
```

Author: fixed

.. code-block:: python

  # script.py
  import modin.pandas as pd
  import modin.config as cfg

  cfg.Engine.put("dask")

  df = pd.DataFrame([0,1,2,3])
  print(df)

> A part of produced by ``python script.py`` errors:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A part of the produced errors by the script above would be the following:
```

Author: fixed

.. code-block::

  File "/path/python3.9/multiprocessing/spawn.py", line 134, in _check_not_importing_main
    raise RuntimeError('''
    RuntimeError: 
        An attempt has been made to start a new process before the
        current process has finished its bootstrapping phase.

        This probably means that you are not using fork to start your
        child processes and you have forgotten to use the proper idiom
        in the main module:

            if __name__ == '__main__':
                freeze_support()
                ...

        The "freeze_support()" line can be omitted if the program
        is not going to be frozen to produce an executable.

> This is happened because Dask Client uses fork to start processes. To avoid the problem need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens because Dask Client uses [fork](https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods) to start processes. To avoid the problem need to
```

Author: fixed

> move Dask Client creating in ``__main__`` scope of the module. See more details in `multiprocessing guidelines

Reviewer: Let's put sentences about the solution in `Solution` section as we usually do.

Author: The sentences related solution (and example "how to solve") were moved to `Solution section`

The following `script.py` uses Modin with Dask as an execution engine and produces errors:

.. code-block:: python

  # script.py
  import modin.pandas as pd
  import modin.config as cfg

  cfg.Engine.put("dask")

  df = pd.DataFrame([0,1,2,3])
  print(df)

A part of the produced errors by the script above would be the following:

.. code-block::

  File "/path/python3.9/multiprocessing/spawn.py", line 134, in _check_not_importing_main
    raise RuntimeError('''
    RuntimeError: 
        An attempt has been made to start a new process before the
        current process has finished its bootstrapping phase.

        This probably means that you are not using fork to start your
        child processes and you have forgotten to use the proper idiom
        in the main module:

            if __name__ == '__main__':
                freeze_support()
                ...

        The "freeze_support()" line can be omitted if the program
        is not going to be frozen to produce an executable.

This happens because Dask Client uses `fork <https://docs.python.org/3/library/multiprocessing.html#contexts-and-start-methods>`_
to start processes.

**Solution**

> To avoid the problem need to move Dask Client creating in ``__main__`` scope of the module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid the problem Dask Client creation needs to be moved into ``__main__`` scope of the module.
```

Author: changed

> The fixed `script.py` is the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The corrected `script.py` would look like:
```

Author: changed

.. code-block:: python

  # script.py
  import modin.pandas as pd
  import modin.config as cfg

  cfg.Engine.put("dask")

  if __name__ == "__main__":

>     df = pd.DataFrame([0,1,2,3]) # Dask Client creating is hidden in a first call of Modin functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    df = pd.DataFrame([0, 1, 2, 3]) # Dask Client creation is hidden in the first call of Modin functionality.
```

Author: changed

    print(df)

or

.. code-block:: python

  # script.py
  from distributed import Client
  import modin.pandas as pd
  import modin.config as cfg

  cfg.Engine.put("dask")

  if __name__ == "__main__":

>     client = Client() # Explicit Dask Client creating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    client = Client() # Explicit Dask Client creation.
```

Author: changed

>     df = pd.DataFrame([0,1,2,3])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    df = pd.DataFrame([0, 1, 2, 3])
```

Author: changed
